,Unnamed: 0,text,labels,prediction
0,0,"Deep networks and decision forests (such as random forests and gradient
boosted trees) are the leading machine learning methods for structured and
tabular data, respectively. Many papers have empirically compared large numbers
of classifiers on one or two different domains (e.g., on 100 different tabular
data settings). However, a careful conceptual and empirical comparison of these
two strategies using the most contemporary best practices has yet to be
performed. Conceptually, we illustrate that both can be profitably viewed as
""partition and vote"" schemes. Specifically, the representation space that they
both learn is a partitioning of feature space into a union of convex polytopes.
For inference, each decides on the basis of votes from the activated nodes.
This formulation allows for a unified basic understanding of the relationship
between these methods. Empirically, we compare these two strategies on hundreds
of tabular data settings, as well as several vision and auditory settings. Our
focus is on datasets with at most 10,000 samples, which represent a large
fraction of scientific and biomedical datasets. In general, we found forests to
excel at tabular and structured data (vision and audition) with small sample
sizes, whereas deep nets performed better on structured data with larger sample
sizes. This suggests that further gains in both scenarios may be realized via
further combining aspects of forests and networks. We will continue revising
this technical report in the coming months with updated results.",1,1
1,1,"Link prediction is one of the key problems for graph-structured data. With
the advancement of graph neural networks, graph autoencoders (GAEs) and
variational graph autoencoders (VGAEs) have been proposed to learn graph
embeddings in an unsupervised way. It has been shown that these methods are
effective for link prediction tasks. However, they do not work well in link
predictions when a node whose degree is zero (i.g., isolated node) is involved.
We have found that GAEs/VGAEs make embeddings of isolated nodes close to zero
regardless of their content features. In this paper, we propose a novel
Variational Graph Normalized AutoEncoder (VGNAE) that utilize L2-normalization
to derive better embeddings for isolated nodes. We show that our VGNAEs
outperform the existing state-of-the-art models for link prediction tasks. The
code is available at https://github.com/SeongJinAhn/VGNAE.",1,0
2,2,"Graph Neural Network (GNN) research is rapidly growing thanks to the capacity
of GNNs in learning distributed representations from graph-structured data.
However, centralizing a massive amount of real-world graph data for GNN
training is prohibitive due to privacy concerns, regulation restrictions, and
commercial competitions. Federated learning (FL), a trending distributed
learning paradigm, provides possibilities to solve this challenge while
preserving data privacy. Despite recent advances in vision and language
domains, there is no suitable platform for the FL of GNNs. To this end, we
introduce FedGraphNN, an open FL benchmark system that can facilitate research
on federated GNNs. FedGraphNN is built on a unified formulation of graph FL and
contains a wide range of datasets from different domains, popular GNN models,
and FL algorithms, with secure and efficient system support. Particularly for
the datasets, we collect, preprocess, and partition 36 datasets from 7 domains,
including both publicly available ones and specifically obtained ones such as
hERG and Tencent. Our empirical analysis showcases the utility of our benchmark
system, while exposing significant challenges in graph FL: federated GNNs
perform worse in most datasets with a non-IID split than centralized GNNs; the
GNN model that attains the best result in the centralized setting may not
maintain its advantage in the FL setting. These results imply that more
research efforts are needed to unravel the mystery behind federated GNNs.
Moreover, our system performance analysis demonstrates that the FedGraphNN
system is computationally efficient and secure to large-scale graphs datasets.
We maintain the source code at https://github.com/FedML-AI/FedGraphNN.",1,1
3,3,"Message-Passing Neural Networks (MPNNs), the most prominent Graph Neural
Network (GNN) framework, celebrate much success in the analysis of
graph-structured data. Concurrently, the sparsification of Neural Network
models attracts a great amount of academic and industrial interest. In this
paper, we conduct a structured study of the effect of sparsification on the
trainable part of MPNNs known as the Update step. To this end, we design a
series of models to successively sparsify the linear transform in the Update
step. Specifically, we propose the ExpanderGNN model with a tuneable
sparsification rate and the Activation-Only GNN, which has no linear transform
in the Update step. In agreement with a growing trend in the literature, the
sparsification paradigm is changed by initialising sparse neural network
architectures rather than expensively sparsifying already trained
architectures. Our novel benchmark models enable a better understanding of the
influence of the Update step on model performance and outperform existing
simplified benchmark models such as the Simple Graph Convolution. The
ExpanderGNNs, and in some cases the Activation-Only models, achieve performance
on par with their vanilla counterparts on several downstream tasks while
containing significantly fewer trainable parameters. In experiments with
matching parameter numbers, our benchmark models outperform the
state-of-the-art GNN models. Our code is publicly available at:
https://github.com/ChangminWu/ExpanderGNN.",1,1
4,4,"Graph feature extraction is a fundamental task in graphs analytics. Using
feature vectors (graph descriptors) in tandem with data mining algorithms that
operate on Euclidean data, one can solve problems such as classification,
clustering, and anomaly detection on graph-structured data. This idea has
proved fruitful in the past, with spectral-based graph descriptors providing
state-of-the-art classification accuracy on benchmark datasets. However, these
algorithms do not scale to large graphs since: 1) they require storing the
entire graph in memory, and 2) the end-user has no control over the algorithm's
runtime. In this paper, we present single-pass streaming algorithms to
approximate structural features of graphs (counts of subgraphs of order $k \geq
4$). Operating on edge streams allows us to avoid keeping the entire graph in
memory, and controlling the sample size enables us to control the time taken by
the algorithm. We demonstrate the efficacy of our descriptors by analyzing the
approximation error, classification accuracy, and scalability to massive
graphs. Our experiments showcase the effect of the sample size on approximation
error and predictive accuracy. The proposed descriptors are applicable on
graphs with millions of edges within minutes and outperform the
state-of-the-art descriptors in classification accuracy.",1,1
5,5,"Deep learning's performance has been extensively recognized recently. Graph
neural networks (GNNs) are designed to deal with graph-structural data that
classical deep learning does not easily manage. Since most GNNs were created
using distinct theories, direct comparisons are impossible. Prior research has
primarily concentrated on categorizing existing models, with little attention
paid to their intrinsic connections. The purpose of this study is to establish
a unified framework that integrates GNNs based on spectral graph and
approximation theory. The framework incorporates a strong integration between
spatial- and spectral-based GNNs while tightly associating approaches that
exist within each respective domain.",1,1
6,6,"Data selection methods, such as active learning and core-set selection, are
useful tools for improving the data efficiency of deep learning models on
large-scale datasets. However, recent deep learning models have moved forward
from independent and identically distributed data to graph-structured data,
such as social networks, e-commerce user-item graphs, and knowledge graphs.
This evolution has led to the emergence of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) that go
beyond the models existing data selection methods are designed for. Therefore,
we present Grain, an efficient framework that opens up a new perspective
through connecting data selection in GNNs with social influence maximization.
By exploiting the common patterns of GNNs, Grain introduces a novel feature
propagation concept, a diversified influence maximization objective with novel
influence and diversity functions, and a greedy algorithm with an approximation
guarantee into a unified framework. Empirical studies on public datasets
demonstrate that Grain significantly improves both the performance and
efficiency of data selection (including active learning and core-set selection)
for GNNs. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to bridge two
largely parallel threads of research, data selection, and social influence
maximization, in the setting of GNNs, paving new ways for improving data
efficiency.",1,1
7,7,"Graph convolutional networks are becoming indispensable for deep learning
from graph-structured data. Most of the existing graph convolutional networks
share two big shortcomings. First, they are essentially low-pass filters, thus
the potentially useful middle and high frequency band of graph signals are
ignored. Second, the bandwidth of existing graph convolutional filters is
fixed. Parameters of a graph convolutional filter only transform the graph
inputs without changing the curvature of a graph convolutional filter function.
In reality, we are uncertain about whether we should retain or cut off the
frequency at a certain point unless we have expert domain knowledge. In this
paper, we propose Automatic Graph Convolutional Networks (AutoGCN) to capture
the full spectrum of graph signals and automatically update the bandwidth of
graph convolutional filters. While it is based on graph spectral theory, our
AutoGCN is also localized in space and has a spatial form. Experimental results
show that AutoGCN achieves significant improvement over baseline methods which
only work as low-pass filters.",1,0
8,8,"Graph representation learning has attracted a surge of interest recently,
whose target at learning discriminant embedding for each node in the graph.
Most of these representation methods focus on supervised learning and heavily
depend on label information. However, annotating graphs are expensive to obtain
in the real world, especially in specialized domains (i.e. biology), as it
needs the annotator to have the domain knowledge to label the graph. To
approach this problem, self-supervised learning provides a feasible solution
for graph representation learning. In this paper, we propose a Multi-Level
Graph Contrastive Learning (MLGCL) framework for learning robust representation
of graph data by contrasting space views of graphs. Specifically, we introduce
a novel contrastive view - topological and feature space views. The original
graph is first-order approximation structure and contains uncertainty or error,
while the $k$NN graph generated by encoding features preserves high-order
proximity. Thus $k$NN graph generated by encoding features not only provide a
complementary view, but is more suitable to GNN encoder to extract discriminant
representation. Furthermore, we develop a multi-level contrastive mode to
preserve the local similarity and semantic similarity of graph-structured data
simultaneously. Extensive experiments indicate MLGCL achieves promising results
compared with the existing state-of-the-art graph representation learning
methods on seven datasets.",1,0
9,9,"Relational databases are the de facto standard for storing and querying
structured data, and extracting insights from structured data requires advanced
analytics. Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved super-human prediction
performance in particular data types, e.g., images. However, existing DNNs may
not produce meaningful results when applied to structured data. The reason is
that there are correlations and dependencies across combinations of attribute
values in a table, and these do not follow simple additive patterns that can be
easily mimicked by a DNN. The number of possible such cross features is
combinatorial, making them computationally prohibitive to model. Furthermore,
the deployment of learning models in real-world applications has also
highlighted the need for interpretability, especially for high-stakes
applications, which remains another issue of concern to DNNs.
  In this paper, we present ARM-Net, an adaptive relation modeling network
tailored for structured data, and a lightweight framework ARMOR based on
ARM-Net for relational data analytics. The key idea is to model feature
interactions with cross features selectively and dynamically, by first
transforming the input features into exponential space, and then determining
the interaction order and interaction weights adaptively for each cross
feature. We propose a novel sparse attention mechanism to dynamically generate
the interaction weights given the input tuple, so that we can explicitly model
cross features of arbitrary orders with noisy features filtered selectively.
Then during model inference, ARM-Net can specify the cross features being used
for each prediction for higher accuracy and better interpretability. Our
extensive experiments on real-world datasets demonstrate that ARM-Net
consistently outperforms existing models and provides more interpretable
predictions for data-driven decision making.",1,0
10,10,"We introduce the Graph Mixture Density Networks, a new family of machine
learning models that can fit multimodal output distributions conditioned on
graphs of arbitrary topology. By combining ideas from mixture models and graph
representation learning, we address a broader class of challenging conditional
density estimation problems that rely on structured data. In this respect, we
evaluate our method on a new benchmark application that leverages random graphs
for stochastic epidemic simulations. We show a significant improvement in the
likelihood of epidemic outcomes when taking into account both multimodality and
structure. The empirical analysis is complemented by two real-world regression
tasks showing the effectiveness of our approach in modeling the output
prediction uncertainty. Graph Mixture Density Networks open appealing research
opportunities in the study of structure-dependent phenomena that exhibit
non-trivial conditional output distributions.",1,1
11,11,"Hypergraphs are used to model higher-order interactions amongst agents and
there exist many practically relevant instances of hypergraph datasets. To
enable efficient processing of hypergraph-structured data, several hypergraph
neural network platforms have been proposed for learning hypergraph properties
and structure, with a special focus on node classification. However, almost all
existing methods use heuristic propagation rules and offer suboptimal
performance on many datasets. We propose AllSet, a new hypergraph neural
network paradigm that represents a highly general framework for (hyper)graph
neural networks and for the first time implements hypergraph neural network
layers as compositions of two multiset functions that can be efficiently
learned for each task and each dataset. Furthermore, AllSet draws on new
connections between hypergraph neural networks and recent advances in deep
learning of multiset functions. In particular, the proposed architecture
utilizes Deep Sets and Set Transformer architectures that allow for significant
modeling flexibility and offer high expressive power. To evaluate the
performance of AllSet, we conduct the most extensive experiments to date
involving ten known benchmarking datasets and three newly curated datasets that
represent significant challenges for hypergraph node classification. The
results demonstrate that AllSet has the unique ability to consistently either
match or outperform all other hypergraph neural networks across the tested
datasets. Our implementation and dataset will be released upon acceptance.",1,1
12,12,"This paper presents a new approach for assembling graph neural networks based
on framelet transforms. The latter provides a multi-scale representation for
graph-structured data. We decompose an input graph into low-pass and high-pass
frequencies coefficients for network training, which then defines a
framelet-based graph convolution. The framelet decomposition naturally induces
a graph pooling strategy by aggregating the graph feature into low-pass and
high-pass spectra, which considers both the feature values and geometry of the
graph data and conserves the total information. The graph neural networks with
the proposed framelet convolution and pooling achieve state-of-the-art
performance in many node and graph prediction tasks. Moreover, we propose
shrinkage as a new activation for the framelet convolution, which thresholds
high-frequency information at different scales. Compared to ReLU, shrinkage
activation improves model performance on denoising and signal compression:
noises in both node and structure can be significantly reduced by accurately
cutting off the high-pass coefficients from framelet decomposition, and the
signal can be compressed to less than half its original size with
well-preserved prediction performance.",1,1
13,13,"The Transformer architecture has become a dominant choice in many domains,
such as natural language processing and computer vision. Yet, it has not
achieved competitive performance on popular leaderboards of graph-level
prediction compared to mainstream GNN variants. Therefore, it remains a mystery
how Transformers could perform well for graph representation learning. In this
paper, we solve this mystery by presenting Graphormer, which is built upon the
standard Transformer architecture, and could attain excellent results on a
broad range of graph representation learning tasks, especially on the recent
OGB Large-Scale Challenge. Our key insight to utilizing Transformer in the
graph is the necessity of effectively encoding the structural information of a
graph into the model. To this end, we propose several simple yet effective
structural encoding methods to help Graphormer better model graph-structured
data. Besides, we mathematically characterize the expressive power of
Graphormer and exhibit that with our ways of encoding the structural
information of graphs, many popular GNN variants could be covered as the
special cases of Graphormer.",1,0
14,14,"While the advent of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) has greatly improved node
and graph representation learning in many applications, the neighborhood
aggregation scheme exposes additional vulnerabilities to adversaries seeking to
extract node-level information about sensitive attributes. In this paper, we
study the problem of protecting sensitive attributes by information obfuscation
when learning with graph structured data. We propose a framework to locally
filter out pre-determined sensitive attributes via adversarial training with
the total variation and the Wasserstein distance. Our method creates a strong
defense against inference attacks, while only suffering small loss in task
performance. Theoretically, we analyze the effectiveness of our framework
against a worst-case adversary, and characterize an inherent trade-off between
maximizing predictive accuracy and minimizing information leakage. Experiments
across multiple datasets from recommender systems, knowledge graphs and quantum
chemistry demonstrate that the proposed approach provides a robust defense
across various graph structures and tasks, while producing competitive GNN
encoders for downstream tasks.",1,1
15,15,"Deep neural networks have revolutionized many machine learning tasks in power
systems, ranging from pattern recognition to signal processing. The data in
these tasks is typically represented in Euclidean domains. Nevertheless, there
is an increasing number of applications in power systems, where data are
collected from non-Euclidean domains and represented as graph-structured data
with high dimensional features and interdependency among nodes. The complexity
of graph-structured data has brought significant challenges to the existing
deep neural networks defined in Euclidean domains. Recently, many publications
generalizing deep neural networks for graph-structured data in power systems
have emerged. In this paper, a comprehensive overview of graph neural networks
(GNNs) in power systems is proposed. Specifically, several classical paradigms
of GNNs structures (e.g., graph convolutional networks) are summarized, and key
applications in power systems, such as fault scenario application, time series
prediction, power flow calculation, and data generation are reviewed in detail.
Furthermore, main issues and some research trends about the applications of
GNNs in power systems are discussed.",1,1
16,16,"Supervised machine learning has several drawbacks that make it difficult to
use in many situations. Drawbacks include: heavy reliance on massive training
data, limited generalizability and poor expressiveness of high-level semantics.
Low-shot Learning attempts to address these drawbacks. Low-shot learning allows
the model to obtain good predictive power with very little or no training data,
where structured knowledge plays a key role as a high-level semantic
representation of human. This article will review the fundamental factors of
low-shot learning technologies, with a focus on the operation of structured
knowledge under different low-shot conditions. We also introduce other
techniques relevant to low-shot learning. Finally, we point out the limitations
of low-shot learning, the prospects and gaps of industrial applications, and
future research directions.",1,0
17,17,"Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have been widely applied to various fields due
to their powerful representations of graph-structured data. Despite the success
of GNNs, most existing GNNs are designed to learn node representations on the
fixed and homogeneous graphs. The limitations especially become problematic
when learning representations on a misspecified graph or a heterogeneous graph
that consists of various types of nodes and edges. To address this limitations,
we propose Graph Transformer Networks (GTNs) that are capable of generating new
graph structures, which preclude noisy connections and include useful
connections (e.g., meta-paths) for tasks, while learning effective node
representations on the new graphs in an end-to-end fashion. We further propose
enhanced version of GTNs, Fast Graph Transformer Networks (FastGTNs), that
improve scalability of graph transformations. Compared to GTNs, FastGTNs are
230x faster and use 100x less memory while allowing the identical graph
transformations as GTNs. In addition, we extend graph transformations to the
semantic proximity of nodes allowing non-local operations beyond meta-paths.
Extensive experiments on both homogeneous graphs and heterogeneous graphs show
that GTNs and FastGTNs with non-local operations achieve the state-of-the-art
performance for node classification tasks. The code is available:
https://github.com/seongjunyun/Graph_Transformer_Networks",1,1
18,18,"HyperGraph Convolutional Neural Networks (HGCNNs) have demonstrated their
potential in modeling high-order relations preserved in graph structured data.
However, most existing convolution filters are localized and determined by the
pre-defined initial hypergraph topology, neglecting to explore implicit and
long-ange relations in real-world data. In this paper, we propose the first
learning-based method tailored for constructing adaptive hypergraph structure,
termed HypERgrAph Laplacian aDaptor (HERALD), which serves as a generic
plug-in-play module for improving the representational power of HGCNNs.
Specifically, HERALD adaptively optimizes the adjacency relationship between
hypernodes and hyperedges in an end-to-end manner and thus the task-aware
hypergraph is learned. Furthermore, HERALD employs the self-attention mechanism
to capture the non-local paired-nodes relation. Extensive experiments on
various popular hypergraph datasets for node classification and graph
classification tasks demonstrate that our approach obtains consistent and
considerable performance enhancement, proving its effectiveness and
generalization ability.",1,1
19,19,"Graph Neural Network (GNN) has been demonstrated its effectiveness in dealing
with non-Euclidean structural data. Both spatial-based and spectral-based GNNs
are relying on adjacency matrix to guide message passing among neighbors during
feature aggregation. Recent works have mainly focused on powerful message
passing modules, however, in this paper, we show that none of the message
passing modules is necessary. Instead, we propose a pure
multilayer-perceptron-based framework, Graph-MLP with the supervision signal
leveraging graph structure, which is sufficient for learning discriminative
node representation. In model-level, Graph-MLP only includes multi-layer
perceptrons, activation function, and layer normalization. In the loss level,
we design a neighboring contrastive (NContrast) loss to bridge the gap between
GNNs and MLPs by utilizing the adjacency information implicitly. This design
allows our model to be lighter and more robust when facing large-scale graph
data and corrupted adjacency information. Extensive experiments prove that even
without adjacency information in testing phase, our framework can still reach
comparable and even superior performance against the state-of-the-art models in
the graph node classification task.",1,1
20,20,"Imbalanced classification on graphs is ubiquitous yet challenging in many
real-world applications, such as fraudulent node detection. Recently, graph
neural networks (GNNs) have shown promising performance on many network
analysis tasks. However, most existing GNNs have almost exclusively focused on
the balanced networks, and would get unappealing performance on the imbalanced
networks. To bridge this gap, in this paper, we present a generative
adversarial graph network model, called ImGAGN to address the imbalanced
classification problem on graphs. It introduces a novel generator for graph
structure data, named GraphGenerator, which can simulate both the minority
class nodes' attribute distribution and network topological structure
distribution by generating a set of synthetic minority nodes such that the
number of nodes in different classes can be balanced. Then a graph
convolutional network (GCN) discriminator is trained to discriminate between
real nodes and fake (i.e., generated) nodes, and also between minority nodes
and majority nodes on the synthetic balanced network. To validate the
effectiveness of the proposed method, extensive experiments are conducted on
four real-world imbalanced network datasets. Experimental results demonstrate
that the proposed method ImGAGN outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms for
semi-supervised imbalanced node classification task.",1,1
21,21,"Kernel methods on discrete domains have shown great promise for many
challenging data types, for instance, biological sequence data and molecular
structure data. Scalable kernel methods like Support Vector Machines may offer
good predictive performances but do not intrinsically provide uncertainty
estimates. In contrast, probabilistic kernel methods like Gaussian Processes
offer uncertainty estimates in addition to good predictive performance but fall
short in terms of scalability. While the scalability of Gaussian processes can
be improved using sparse inducing point approximations, the selection of these
inducing points remains challenging. We explore different techniques for
selecting inducing points on discrete domains, including greedy selection,
determinantal point processes, and simulated annealing. We find that simulated
annealing, which can select inducing points that are not in the training set,
can perform competitively with support vector machines and full Gaussian
processes on synthetic data, as well as on challenging real-world DNA sequence
data.",1,1
22,22,"This paper presents Sparse Tensor Classifier (STC), a supervised
classification algorithm for categorical data inspired by the notion of
superposition of states in quantum physics. By regarding an observation as a
superposition of features, we introduce the concept of wave-particle duality in
machine learning and propose a generalized framework that unifies the classical
and the quantum probability. We show that STC possesses a wide range of
desirable properties not available in most other machine learning methods but
it is at the same time exceptionally easy to comprehend and use. Empirical
evaluation of STC on structured data and text classification demonstrates that
our methodology achieves state-of-the-art performances compared to both
standard classifiers and deep learning, at the additional benefit of requiring
minimal data pre-processing and hyper-parameter tuning. Moreover, STC provides
a native explanation of its predictions both for single instances and for each
target label globally.",1,1
23,23,"Over the last few years, we have seen increasing data generated from
non-Euclidean domains, which are usually represented as graphs with complex
relationships, and Graph Neural Networks (GNN) have gained a high interest
because of their potential in processing graph-structured data. In particular,
there is a strong interest in exploring the possibilities in performing
convolution on graphs using an extension of the GNN architecture, generally
referred to as Graph Convolutional Neural Networks (GCNN). Convolution on
graphs has been achieved mainly in two forms: spectral and spatial
convolutions. Due to the higher flexibility in exploring and exploiting the
graph structure of data, recently, there is an increasing interest in
investigating the possibilities that the spatial approach can offer. The idea
of finding a way to adapt the network behaviour to the inputs they process to
maximize the total performances has aroused much interest in the neural
networks literature over the years. This paper presents a novel method to adapt
the behaviour of a GCNN to the input proposing two ways to perform spatial
convolution on graphs using input-based filters which are dynamically
generated. Our model also investigates the problem of discovering and refining
relations among nodes. The experimental assessment confirms the capabilities of
the proposed approach, which achieves satisfying results using simple
architectures with a low number of filters.",1,1
24,24,"\textit{Graph Neural Network} (GNN) is a promising approach for analyzing
graph-structured data that tactfully captures their dependency information via
node-level message passing. It has achieved state-of-the-art performances in
many tasks, such as node classification, graph matching, clustering, and graph
generation. As GNNs operate on non-Euclidean data, their irregular data access
patterns cause considerable computational costs and overhead on conventional
architectures, such as GPU and CPU. Our analysis shows that GNN adopts a hybrid
computing model. The \textit{Aggregation} (or \textit{Message Passing}) phase
performs vector additions where vectors are fetched with irregular strides. The
\textit{Transformation} (or \textit{Node Embedding}) phase can be either dense
or sparse-dense matrix multiplication. In this work, We propose
\textit{VersaGNN}, an ultra-efficient, systolic-array-based versatile hardware
accelerator that unifies dense and sparse matrix multiplication. By applying
this single optimized systolic array to both aggregation and transformation
phases, we have significantly reduced chip sizes and energy consumption. We
then divide the computing engine into blocked systolic arrays to support the
\textit{Strassen}'s algorithm for dense matrix multiplication, dramatically
scaling down the number of multiplications and enabling high-throughput
computation of GNNs. To balance the workload of sparse-dense matrix
multiplication, we also introduced a greedy algorithm to combine sparse
sub-matrices of compressed format into condensed ones to reduce computational
cycles. Compared with current state-of-the-art GNN software frameworks,
\textit{VersaGNN} achieves on average 3712$\times$ speedup with 1301.25$\times$
energy reduction on CPU, and 35.4$\times$ speedup with 17.66$\times$ energy
reduction on GPU.",1,1
25,25,"Lots of learning tasks require dealing with graph data which contains rich
relation information among elements. Modeling physics systems, learning
molecular fingerprints, predicting protein interface, and classifying diseases
demand a model to learn from graph inputs. In other domains such as learning
from non-structural data like texts and images, reasoning on extracted
structures (like the dependency trees of sentences and the scene graphs of
images) is an important research topic which also needs graph reasoning models.
Graph neural networks (GNNs) are neural models that capture the dependence of
graphs via message passing between the nodes of graphs. In recent years,
variants of GNNs such as graph convolutional network (GCN), graph attention
network (GAT), graph recurrent network (GRN) have demonstrated ground-breaking
performances on many deep learning tasks. In this survey, we propose a general
design pipeline for GNN models and discuss the variants of each component,
systematically categorize the applications, and propose four open problems for
future research.",1,1
26,26,"Generalizable, transferrable, and robust representation learning on
graph-structured data remains a challenge for current graph neural networks
(GNNs). Unlike what has been developed for convolutional neural networks (CNNs)
for image data, self-supervised learning and pre-training are less explored for
GNNs. In this paper, we propose a graph contrastive learning (GraphCL)
framework for learning unsupervised representations of graph data. We first
design four types of graph augmentations to incorporate various priors. We then
systematically study the impact of various combinations of graph augmentations
on multiple datasets, in four different settings: semi-supervised,
unsupervised, and transfer learning as well as adversarial attacks. The results
show that, even without tuning augmentation extents nor using sophisticated GNN
architectures, our GraphCL framework can produce graph representations of
similar or better generalizability, transferrability, and robustness compared
to state-of-the-art methods. We also investigate the impact of parameterized
graph augmentation extents and patterns, and observe further performance gains
in preliminary experiments. Our codes are available at
https://github.com/Shen-Lab/GraphCL.",1,1
27,27,"Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have attracted increasing attention due to its
successful applications on various graph-structure data. However, recent
studies have shown that adversarial attacks are threatening the functionality
of GNNs. Although numerous works have been proposed to defend adversarial
attacks from various perspectives, most of them can be robust against the
attacks only on specific scenarios. To address this shortage of robust
generalization, we propose to defend the adversarial attacks on GNN through
applying the Spatio-Temporal sparsification (called ST-Sparse) on the GNN
hidden node representation. ST-Sparse is similar to the Dropout regularization
in spirit. Through intensive experiment evaluation with GCN as the target GNN
model, we identify the benefits of ST-Sparse as follows: (1) ST-Sparse shows
the defense performance improvement in most cases, as it can effectively
increase the robust accuracy by up to 6\% improvement; (2) ST-Sparse
illustrates its robust generalization capability by integrating with the
existing defense methods, similar to the integration of Dropout into various
deep learning models as a standard regularization technique; (3) ST-Sparse also
shows its ordinary generalization capability on clean datasets, in that
ST-SparseGCN (the integration of ST-Sparse and the original GCN) even
outperform the original GCN, while the other three representative defense
methods are inferior to the original GCN.",1,1
28,28,"The emergence of Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) has greatly boosted the
progress of graph learning. However, two disturbing factors, noise and
redundancy in graph data, and lack of interpretation for prediction results,
impede further development of GCN. One solution is to recognize a predictive
yet compressed subgraph to get rid of the noise and redundancy and obtain the
interpretable part of the graph. This setting of subgraph is similar to the
information bottleneck (IB) principle, which is less studied on
graph-structured data and GCN. Inspired by the IB principle, we propose a novel
subgraph information bottleneck (SIB) framework to recognize such subgraphs,
named IB-subgraph. However, the intractability of mutual information and the
discrete nature of graph data makes the objective of SIB notoriously hard to
optimize. To this end, we introduce a bilevel optimization scheme coupled with
a mutual information estimator for irregular graphs. Moreover, we propose a
continuous relaxation for subgraph selection with a connectivity loss for
stabilization. We further theoretically prove the error bound of our estimation
scheme for mutual information and the noise-invariant nature of IB-subgraph.
Extensive experiments on graph learning and large-scale point cloud tasks
demonstrate the superior property of IB-subgraph.",1,1
29,29,"In this thesis, we develop various techniques for working with sets in
machine learning. Each input or output is not an image or a sequence, but a
set: an unordered collection of multiple objects, each object described by a
feature vector. Their unordered nature makes them suitable for modeling a wide
variety of data, ranging from objects in images to point clouds to graphs. Deep
learning has recently shown great success on other types of structured data, so
we aim to build the necessary structures for sets into deep neural networks.
  The first focus of this thesis is the learning of better set representations
(sets as input). Existing approaches have bottlenecks that prevent them from
properly modeling relations between objects within the set. To address this
issue, we develop a variety of techniques for different scenarios and show that
alleviating the bottleneck leads to consistent improvements across many
experiments.
  The second focus of this thesis is the prediction of sets (sets as output).
Current approaches do not take the unordered nature of sets into account
properly. We determine that this results in a problem that causes discontinuity
issues with many set prediction tasks and prevents them from learning some
extremely simple datasets. To avoid this problem, we develop two models that
properly take the structure of sets into account. Various experiments show that
our set prediction techniques can significantly benefit over existing
approaches.",1,1
30,30,"Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been widely used to learn vector
representation of graph-structured data and achieved better task performance
than conventional methods. The foundation of GNNs is the message passing
procedure, which propagates the information in a node to its neighbors. Since
this procedure proceeds one step per layer, the range of the information
propagation among nodes is small in the lower layers, and it expands toward the
higher layers. Therefore, a GNN model has to be deep enough to capture global
structural information in a graph. On the other hand, it is known that deep GNN
models suffer from performance degradation because they lose nodes' local
information, which would be essential for good model performance, through many
message passing steps. In this study, we propose multi-level attention pooling
(MLAP) for graph-level classification tasks, which can adapt to both local and
global structural information in a graph. It has an attention pooling layer for
each message passing step and computes the final graph representation by
unifying the layer-wise graph representations. The MLAP architecture allows
models to utilize the structural information of graphs with multiple levels of
localities because it preserves layer-wise information before losing them due
to oversmoothing. Results of our experiments show that the MLAP architecture
improves the graph classification performance compared to the baseline
architectures. In addition, analyses on the layer-wise graph representations
suggest that aggregating information from multiple levels of localities indeed
has the potential to improve the discriminability of learned graph
representations.",0,0
31,31,"Graph convolutional networks (GCNs) are powerful tools for graph-structured
data. However, they have been recently shown to be vulnerable to topological
attacks. To enhance adversarial robustness, we go beyond spectral graph theory
to robust graph theory. By challenging the classical graph Laplacian, we
propose a new convolution operator that is provably robust in the spectral
domain and is incorporated in the GCN architecture to improve expressivity and
interpretability. By extending the original graph to a sequence of graphs, we
also propose a robust training paradigm that encourages transferability across
graphs that span a range of spatial and spectral characteristics. The proposed
approaches are demonstrated in extensive experiments to simultaneously improve
performance in both benign and adversarial situations.",0,1
32,32,"With the increasing popularity of Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) in several
sensitive applications like healthcare and medicine, concerns have been raised
over the privacy aspects of trained GNNs. More notably, GNNs are vulnerable to
privacy attacks, such as membership inference attacks, even if only blackbox
access to the trained model is granted. To build defenses, differential privacy
has emerged as a mechanism to disguise the sensitive data in training datasets.
Following the strategy of Private Aggregation of Teacher Ensembles (PATE),
recent methods leverage a large ensemble of teacher models. These teachers are
trained on disjoint subsets of private data and are employed to transfer
knowledge to a student model, which is then released with privacy guarantees.
However, splitting graph data into many disjoint training sets may destroy the
structural information and adversely affect accuracy. We propose a new
graph-specific scheme of releasing a student GNN, which avoids splitting
private training data altogether. The student GNN is trained using public data,
partly labeled privately using the teacher GNN models trained exclusively for
each query node. We theoretically analyze our approach in the R\`{e}nyi
differential privacy framework and provide privacy guarantees. Besides, we show
the solid experimental performance of our method compared to several baselines,
including the PATE baseline adapted for graph-structured data. Our anonymized
code is available.",0,0
33,33,"Machine learning solutions for pattern classification problems are nowadays
widely deployed in society and industry. However, the lack of transparency and
accountability of most accurate models often hinders their safe use. Thus,
there is a clear need for developing explainable artificial intelligence
mechanisms. There exist model-agnostic methods that summarize feature
contributions, but their interpretability is limited to predictions made by
black-box models. An open challenge is to develop models that have intrinsic
interpretability and produce their own explanations, even for classes of models
that are traditionally considered black boxes like (recurrent) neural networks.
In this paper, we propose a Long-Term Cognitive Network for interpretable
pattern classification of structured data. Our method brings its own mechanism
for providing explanations by quantifying the relevance of each feature in the
decision process. For supporting the interpretability without affecting the
performance, the model incorporates more flexibility through a quasi-nonlinear
reasoning rule that allows controlling nonlinearity. Besides, we propose a
recurrence-aware decision model that evades the issues posed by unique fixed
points while introducing a deterministic learning method to compute the tunable
parameters. The simulations show that our interpretable model obtains
competitive results when compared to the state-of-the-art white and black-box
models.",0,0
34,34,"Graph neural networks (GNNs) are powerful models for many graph-structured
tasks. Existing models often assume that a complete structure of a graph is
available during training, however, in practice, graph-structured data is
usually formed in a streaming fashion, so that learning a graph continuously is
often necessary. In this paper, we aim to bridge GNN to lifelong learning by
converting a graph problem to a regular learning problem, so that GNN is able
to inherit the lifelong learning techniques developed for convolutional neural
networks (CNNs). To this end, we propose a new graph topology based on feature
cross-correlation, called the feature graph. It takes features as new nodes and
turns nodes into independent graphs. This successfully converts the original
problem of node classification to graph classification, in which the increasing
nodes are turned into independent training samples. In the experiments, we
demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of feature graph networks (FGN) by
continuously learning a sequence of classical graph datasets. We also show that
FGN achieves superior performance in human action recognition with distributed
streaming signals for wearable devices.",0,1
35,35,"Deep learning models, such as convolutional neural networks, have long been
applied to image and multi-media tasks, particularly those with structured
data. More recently, there has been more attention to unstructured data that
can be represented via graphs. These types of data are often found in health
and medicine, social networks, and research data repositories. Graph
convolutional neural networks have recently gained attention in the field of
deep learning that takes advantage of graph-based data representation with
automatic feature extraction via convolutions. Given the popularity of these
methods in a wide range of applications, robust uncertainty quantification is
vital. This remains a challenge for large models and unstructured datasets.
Bayesian inference provides a principled approach to uncertainty quantification
of model parameters for deep learning models. Although Bayesian inference has
been used extensively elsewhere, its application to deep learning remains
limited due to the computational requirements of the Markov Chain Monte Carlo
(MCMC) methods. Recent advances in parallel computing and advanced proposal
schemes in MCMC sampling methods has opened the path for Bayesian deep
learning. In this paper, we present Bayesian graph convolutional neural
networks that employ tempered MCMC sampling with Langevin-gradient proposal
distribution implemented via parallel computing. Our results show that the
proposed method can provide accuracy similar to advanced optimisers while
providing uncertainty quantification for key benchmark problems.",0,1
36,36,"A Graph Convolutional Network (GCN) stacks several layers and in each layer
performs a PROPagation operation (PROP) and a TRANsformation operation (TRAN)
for learning node representations over graph-structured data. Though powerful,
GCNs tend to suffer performance drop when the model gets deep. Previous works
focus on PROPs to study and mitigate this issue, but the role of TRANs is
barely investigated. In this work, we study performance degradation of GCNs by
experimentally examining how stacking only TRANs or PROPs works. We find that
TRANs contribute significantly, or even more than PROPs, to declining
performance, and moreover that they tend to amplify node-wise feature variance
in GCNs, causing variance inflammation that we identify as a key factor for
causing performance drop. Motivated by such observations, we propose a
variance-controlling technique termed Node Normalization (NodeNorm), which
scales each node's features using its own standard deviation. Experimental
results validate the effectiveness of NodeNorm on addressing performance
degradation of GCNs. Specifically, it enables deep GCNs to outperform shallow
ones in cases where deep models are needed, and to achieve comparable results
with shallow ones on 6 benchmark datasets. NodeNorm is a generic plug-in and
can well generalize to other GNN architectures. Code is publicly available at
https://github.com/miafei/NodeNorm.",0,0
37,37,"Transformer neural networks have achieved state-of-the-art results for
unstructured data such as text and images but their adoption for
graph-structured data has been limited. This is partly due to the difficulty of
incorporating complex structural information in the basic transformer
framework. We propose a simple yet powerful extension to the transformer -
residual edge channels. The resultant framework, which we call Edge-augmented
Graph Transformer (EGT), can directly accept, process and output structural
information as well as node information. It allows us to use global
self-attention, the key element of transformers, directly for graphs and comes
with the benefit of long-range interaction among nodes. Moreover, the edge
channels allow the structural information to evolve from layer to layer, and
prediction tasks on edges/links can be performed directly from the output
embeddings of these channels. In addition, we introduce a generalized
positional encoding scheme for graphs based on Singular Value Decomposition
which can improve the performance of EGT. Our framework, which relies on global
node feature aggregation, achieves better performance compared to
Convolutional/Message-Passing Graph Neural Networks, which rely on local
feature aggregation within a neighborhood. We verify the performance of EGT in
a supervised learning setting on a wide range of experiments on benchmark
datasets. Our findings indicate that convolutional aggregation is not an
essential inductive bias for graphs and global self-attention can serve as a
flexible and adaptive alternative.",0,0
38,38,"Data augmentation has been widely used in image data and linguistic data but
remains under-explored on graph-structured data. Existing methods focus on
augmenting the graph data from a global perspective and largely fall into two
genres: structural manipulation and adversarial training with feature noise
injection. However, the structural manipulation approach suffers information
loss issues while the adversarial training approach may downgrade the feature
quality by injecting noise. In this work, we introduce the local augmentation,
which enhances node features by its local subgraph structures. Specifically, we
model the data argumentation as a feature generation process. Given the central
node's feature, our local augmentation approach learns the conditional
distribution of its neighbors' features and generates the neighbors' optimal
feature to boost the performance of downstream tasks. Based on the local
augmentation, we further design a novel framework: LA-GNN, which can apply to
any GNN models in a plug-and-play manner. Extensive experiments and analyses
show that local augmentation consistently yields performance improvement for
various GNN architectures across a diverse set of benchmarks. Code is available
at https://github.com/Soughing0823/LAGNN.",0,0
39,39,"Interpreting deep neural networks from the ordinary differential equations
(ODEs) perspective has inspired many efficient and robust network
architectures. However, existing ODE based approaches ignore the relationship
among data points, which is a critical component in many problems including
few-shot learning and semi-supervised learning. In this paper, inspired by the
diffusive ODEs, we propose a novel diffusion residual network (Diff-ResNet) to
strengthen the interactions among data points. Under the structured data
assumption, it is proved that the diffusion mechanism can decrease the
distance-diameter ratio that improves the separability of inter-class points
and reduces the distance among local intra-class points. This property can be
easily adopted by the residual networks for constructing the separable
hyperplanes. The synthetic binary classification experiments demonstrate the
effectiveness of the proposed diffusion mechanism. Moreover, extensive
experiments of few-shot image classification and semi-supervised graph node
classification in various datasets validate the advantages of the proposed
Diff-ResNet over existing few-shot learning methods.",0,0
40,40,"The success of machine learning stems from its structured data
representation. Similar data have close representation as compressed codes for
classification or emerged labels for clustering. We observe that the frequency
of the internal representation follows power laws in both supervised and
unsupervised learning. The scale-invariant distribution implies that machine
learning largely compresses frequent typical data, and at the same time,
differentiates many atypical data as outliers. In this study, we derive how the
power laws can naturally arise in machine learning. In terms of information
theory, the scale-invariant representation corresponds to a maximally uncertain
data grouping among possible representations that guarantee pre-specified
learning accuracy.",0,1
41,41,"Sensitive medical data is often subject to strict usage constraints. In this
paper, we trained a generative adversarial network (GAN) on real-world
electronic health records (EHR). It was then used to create a data-set of
""fake"" patients through synthetic data generation (SDG) to circumvent usage
constraints. This real-world data was tabular, binary, intensive care unit
(ICU) patient diagnosis data. The entire data-set was split into separate data
silos to mimic real-world scenarios where multiple ICU units across different
hospitals may have similarly structured data-sets within their own
organisations but do not have access to each other's data-sets. We implemented
federated learning (FL) to train separate GANs locally at each organisation,
using their unique data silo and then combining the GANs into a single central
GAN, without any siloed data ever being exposed. This global, central GAN was
then used to generate the synthetic patients data-set. We performed an
evaluation of these synthetic patients with statistical measures and through a
structured review by a group of medical professionals. It was shown that there
was no significant reduction in the quality of the synthetic EHR when we moved
between training a single central model and training on separate data silos
with individual models before combining them into a central model. This was
true for both the statistical evaluation (Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) of
0.0154 for single-source vs. RMSE of 0.0169 for dual-source federated) and also
for the medical professionals' evaluation (no quality difference between EHR
generated from a single source and EHR generated from multiple sources).",0,0
42,42,"Networks are ubiquitous in the real world such as social networks and
communication networks, and anomaly detection on networks aims at finding nodes
whose structural or attributed patterns deviate significantly from the majority
of reference nodes. However, most of the traditional anomaly detection methods
neglect the relation structure information among data points and therefore
cannot effectively generalize to the graph structure data. In this paper, we
propose an end-to-end model of Deep Dual Support Vector Data description based
Autoencoder (Dual-SVDAE) for anomaly detection on attributed networks, which
considers both the structure and attribute for attributed networks.
Specifically, Dual-SVDAE consists of a structure autoencoder and an attribute
autoencoder to learn the latent representation of the node in the structure
space and attribute space respectively. Then, a dual-hypersphere learning
mechanism is imposed on them to learn two hyperspheres of normal nodes from the
structure and attribute perspectives respectively. Moreover, to achieve joint
learning between the structure and attribute of the network, we fuse the
structure embedding and attribute embedding as the final input of the feature
decoder to generate the node attribute. Finally, abnormal nodes can be detected
by measuring the distance of nodes to the learned center of each hypersphere in
the latent structure space and attribute space respectively. Extensive
experiments on the real-world attributed networks show that Dual-SVDAE
consistently outperforms the state-of-the-arts, which demonstrates the
effectiveness of the proposed method.",0,0
43,43,"Graph neural networks (GNNs) have shown great power in modeling graph
structured data. However, similar to other machine learning models, GNNs may
make biased predictions w.r.t protected sensitive attributes, e.g., skin color
and gender. This is because the training data often contains historical bias
towards sensitive attributes. In addition, we empirically show that the
discrimination in GNNs can be magnified by graph structures and the
message-passing mechanism of GNNs. As a result, the applications of GNNs in
high-stake domains such as crime rate prediction would be largely limited.
Though extensive studies of fair classification have been conducted on i.i.d
data, methods to address the problem of discrimination on non-i.i.d data are
rather limited. Generally, learning fair models require abundant sensitive
attributes to regularize the model. However, for many graphs such as social
networks, users are reluctant to share sensitive attributes. Thus, only limited
sensitive attributes are available for fair GNN training in practice. Moreover,
directly collecting and applying the sensitive attributes in fair model
training may cause privacy issues, because the sensitive information can be
leaked in data breach or attacks on the trained model. Therefore, we study a
novel and crucial problem of learning fair GNNs with limited and private
sensitive attribute information. In an attempt to address these problems,
FairGNN is proposed to eliminate the bias of GNNs whilst maintaining high
accuracy by leveraging graph structures and limited sensitive information. We
further extend FairGNN to NT-FairGNN which can achieve both fairness and
privacy on sensitive attributes by using limited and private sensitive
attributes. Theoretical analysis and extensive experiments on real-world
datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of FairGNN and NT-FairGNN in achieving
fair and high-accurate classification.",0,0
44,44,"Learning distributions over graph-structured data is a challenging task with
many applications in biology and chemistry. In this work we use an energy-based
model (EBM) based on multi-channel graph neural networks (GNN) to learn
permutation invariant unnormalized density functions on graphs. Unlike standard
EBM training methods our approach is to learn the model via minimizing
adversarial stein discrepancy. Samples from the model can be obtained via
Langevin dynamics based MCMC. We find that this approach achieves competitive
results on graph generation compared to benchmark models.",0,1
45,45,"UMAP is a non-parametric graph-based dimensionality reduction algorithm using
applied Riemannian geometry and algebraic topology to find low-dimensional
embeddings of structured data. The UMAP algorithm consists of two steps: (1)
Compute a graphical representation of a dataset (fuzzy simplicial complex), and
(2) Through stochastic gradient descent, optimize a low-dimensional embedding
of the graph. Here, we extend the second step of UMAP to a parametric
optimization over neural network weights, learning a parametric relationship
between data and embedding. We first demonstrate that Parametric UMAP performs
comparably to its non-parametric counterpart while conferring the benefit of a
learned parametric mapping (e.g. fast online embeddings for new data). We then
explore UMAP as a regularization, constraining the latent distribution of
autoencoders, parametrically varying global structure preservation, and
improving classifier accuracy for semi-supervised learning by capturing
structure in unlabeled data. Google Colab walkthrough:
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1WkXVZ5pnMrm17m0YgmtoNjM_XHdnE5Vp?usp=sharing",0,0
46,46,"Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), which generalize the deep neural networks to
graph-structured data, have achieved great success in modeling graphs. However,
as an extension of deep learning for graphs, GNNs lack explainability, which
largely limits their adoption in scenarios that demand the transparency of
models. Though many efforts are taken to improve the explainability of deep
learning, they mainly focus on i.i.d data, which cannot be directly applied to
explain the predictions of GNNs because GNNs utilize both node features and
graph topology to make predictions. There are only very few work on the
explainability of GNNs and they focus on post-hoc explanations. Since post-hoc
explanations are not directly obtained from the GNNs, they can be biased and
misrepresent the true explanations. Therefore, in this paper, we study a novel
problem of self-explainable GNNs which can simultaneously give predictions and
explanations. We propose a new framework which can find $K$-nearest labeled
nodes for each unlabeled node to give explainable node classification, where
nearest labeled nodes are found by interpretable similarity module in terms of
both node similarity and local structure similarity. Extensive experiments on
real-world and synthetic datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed
framework for explainable node classification.",0,0
47,47,"Representation learning on static graph-structured data has shown a
significant impact on many real-world applications. However, less attention has
been paid to the evolving nature of temporal networks, in which the edges are
often changing over time. The embeddings of such temporal networks should
encode both graph-structured information and the temporally evolving pattern.
Existing approaches in learning temporally evolving network representations
fail to capture the temporal interdependence. In this paper, we propose Toffee,
a novel approach for temporal network representation learning based on tensor
decomposition. Our method exploits the tensor-tensor product operator to encode
the cross-time information, so that the periodic changes in the evolving
networks can be captured. Experimental results demonstrate that Toffee
outperforms existing methods on multiple real-world temporal networks in
generating effective embeddings for the link prediction tasks.",0,0
48,48,"Graph structured data have enabled several successful applications such as
recommendation systems and traffic prediction, given the rich node features and
edges information. However, these high-dimensional features and high-order
adjacency information are usually heterogeneous and held by different data
holders in practice. Given such vertical data partition (e.g., one data holder
will only own either the node features or edge information), different data
holders have to develop efficient joint training protocols rather than directly
transfer data to each other due to privacy concerns. In this paper, we focus on
the edge privacy, and consider a training scenario where Bob with node features
will first send training node features to Alice who owns the adjacency
information. Alice will then train a graph neural network (GNN) with the joint
information and release an inference API. During inference, Bob is able to
provide test node features and query the API to obtain the predictions for test
nodes. Under this setting, we first propose a privacy attack LinkTeller via
influence analysis to infer the private edge information held by Alice via
designing adversarial queries for Bob. We then empirically show that LinkTeller
is able to recover a significant amount of private edges, outperforming
existing baselines. To further evaluate the privacy leakage, we adapt an
existing algorithm for differentially private graph convolutional network (DP
GCN) training and propose a new DP GCN mechanism LapGraph. We show that these
DP GCN mechanisms are not always resilient against LinkTeller empirically under
mild privacy guarantees ($\varepsilon>5$). Our studies will shed light on
future research towards designing more resilient privacy-preserving GCN models;
in the meantime, provide an in-depth understanding of the tradeoff between GCN
model utility and robustness against potential privacy attacks.",0,0
49,49,"Spatio-temporal forecasting is of great importance in a wide range of
dynamical systems applications from atmospheric science, to recent COVID-19
spread modeling. These applications rely on accurate predictions of
spatio-temporal structured data reflecting real-world phenomena. A stunning
characteristic is that the dynamical system is not only driven by some physics
laws but also impacted by the localized factor in spatial and temporal regions.
One of the major challenges is to infer the underlying causes, which generate
the perceived data stream and propagate the involved causal dynamics through
the distributed observing units. Another challenge is that the success of
machine learning based predictive models requires massive annotated data for
model training. However, the acquisition of high-quality annotated data is
objectively manual and tedious as it needs a considerable amount of human
intervention, making it infeasible in fields that require high levels of
expertise. To tackle these challenges, we advocate a spatio-temporal
physics-coupled neural networks (ST-PCNN) model to learn the underlying physics
of the dynamical system and further couple the learned physics to assist the
learning of the recurring dynamics. To deal with data-acquisition constraints,
an active learning mechanism with Kriging for actively acquiring the most
informative data is proposed for ST-PCNN training in a partially observable
environment. Our experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets exhibit
that the proposed ST-PCNN with active learning converges to near optimal
accuracy with substantially fewer instances.",0,1
50,50,"Graph neural networks (GNNs) have been popularly used in analyzing
graph-structured data, showing promising results in various applications such
as node classification, link prediction and network recommendation. In this
paper, we present a new graph attention neural network, namely GIPA, for
attributed graph data learning. GIPA consists of three key components:
attention, feature propagation and aggregation. Specifically, the attention
component introduces a new multi-layer perceptron based multi-head to generate
better non-linear feature mapping and representation than conventional
implementations such as dot-product. The propagation component considers not
only node features but also edge features, which differs from existing GNNs
that merely consider node features. The aggregation component uses a residual
connection to generate the final embedding. We evaluate the performance of GIPA
using the Open Graph Benchmark proteins (ogbn-proteins for short) dataset. The
experimental results reveal that GIPA can beat the state-of-the-art models in
terms of prediction accuracy, e.g., GIPA achieves an average test ROC-AUC of
$0.8700\pm 0.0010$ and outperforms all the previous methods listed in the
ogbn-proteins leaderboard.",0,0
51,51,"Structured text understanding on Visually Rich Documents (VRDs) is a crucial
part of Document Intelligence. Due to the complexity of content and layout in
VRDs, structured text understanding has been a challenging task. Most existing
studies decoupled this problem into two sub-tasks: entity labeling and entity
linking, which require an entire understanding of the context of documents at
both token and segment levels. However, little work has been concerned with the
solutions that efficiently extract the structured data from different levels.
This paper proposes a unified framework named StrucTexT, which is flexible and
effective for handling both sub-tasks. Specifically, based on the transformer,
we introduce a segment-token aligned encoder to deal with the entity labeling
and entity linking tasks at different levels of granularity. Moreover, we
design a novel pre-training strategy with three self-supervised tasks to learn
a richer representation. StrucTexT uses the existing Masked Visual Language
Modeling task and the new Sentence Length Prediction and Paired Boxes Direction
tasks to incorporate the multi-modal information across text, image, and
layout. We evaluate our method for structured text understanding at
segment-level and token-level and show it outperforms the state-of-the-art
counterparts with significantly superior performance on the FUNSD, SROIE, and
EPHOIE datasets.",0,0
52,52,"One intriguing property of deep neural networks (DNNs) is their inherent
vulnerability to backdoor attacks -- a trojan model responds to
trigger-embedded inputs in a highly predictable manner while functioning
normally otherwise. Despite the plethora of prior work on DNNs for continuous
data (e.g., images), the vulnerability of graph neural networks (GNNs) for
discrete-structured data (e.g., graphs) is largely unexplored, which is highly
concerning given their increasing use in security-sensitive domains. To bridge
this gap, we present GTA, the first backdoor attack on GNNs. Compared with
prior work, GTA departs in significant ways: graph-oriented -- it defines
triggers as specific subgraphs, including both topological structures and
descriptive features, entailing a large design spectrum for the adversary;
input-tailored -- it dynamically adapts triggers to individual graphs, thereby
optimizing both attack effectiveness and evasiveness; downstream model-agnostic
-- it can be readily launched without knowledge regarding downstream models or
fine-tuning strategies; and attack-extensible -- it can be instantiated for
both transductive (e.g., node classification) and inductive (e.g., graph
classification) tasks, constituting severe threats for a range of
security-critical applications. Through extensive evaluation using benchmark
datasets and state-of-the-art models, we demonstrate the effectiveness of GTA.
We further provide analytical justification for its effectiveness and discuss
potential countermeasures, pointing to several promising research directions.",0,1
53,53,"Deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have shown outstanding performance
in the task of semantically segmenting images. Applying the same methods on 3D
data still poses challenges due to the heavy memory requirements and the lack
of structured data. Here, we propose LatticeNet, a novel approach for 3D
semantic segmentation, which takes raw point clouds as input. A PointNet
describes the local geometry which we embed into a sparse permutohedral
lattice. The lattice allows for fast convolutions while keeping a low memory
footprint. Further, we introduce DeformSlice, a novel learned data-dependent
interpolation for projecting lattice features back onto the point cloud. We
present results of 3D segmentation on multiple datasets where our method
achieves state-of-the-art performance. We also extend and evaluate our network
for instance and dynamic object segmentation.",0,0
54,54,"Combinatorial optimization problems (COPs) on the graph with real-life
applications are canonical challenges in Computer Science. The difficulty of
finding quality labels for problem instances holds back leveraging supervised
learning across combinatorial problems. Reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms
have recently been adopted to solve this challenge automatically. The
underlying principle of this approach is to deploy a graph neural network (GNN)
for encoding both the local information of the nodes and the graph-structured
data in order to capture the current state of the environment. Then, it is
followed by the actor to learn the problem-specific heuristics on its own and
make an informed decision at each state for finally reaching a good solution.
Recent studies on this subject mainly focus on a family of combinatorial
problems on the graph, such as the travel salesman problem, where the proposed
model aims to find an ordering of vertices that optimizes a given objective
function. We use the security-aware phone clone allocation in the cloud as a
classical quadratic assignment problem (QAP) to investigate whether or not deep
RL-based model is generally applicable to solve other classes of such hard
problems. Extensive empirical evaluation shows that existing RL-based model may
not generalize to QAP.",0,0
55,55,"Decision forests (Forests), in particular random forests and gradient
boosting trees, have demonstrated state-of-the-art accuracy compared to other
methods in many supervised learning scenarios. In particular, Forests dominate
other methods in tabular data, that is, when the feature space is unstructured,
so that the signal is invariant to a permutation of the feature indices.
However, in structured data lying on a manifold (such as images, text, and
speech) deep networks (Networks), specifically convolutional deep networks
(ConvNets), tend to outperform Forests. We conjecture that at least part of the
reason for this is that the input to Networks is not simply the feature
magnitudes, but also their indices. In contrast, naive Forest implementations
fail to explicitly consider feature indices. A recently proposed Forest
approach demonstrates that Forests, for each node, implicitly sample a random
matrix from some specific distribution. These Forests, like some classes of
Networks, learn by partitioning the feature space into convex polytopes
corresponding to linear functions. We build on that approach and show that one
can choose distributions in a manifold-aware fashion to incorporate feature
locality. We demonstrate the empirical performance on data whose features live
on three different manifolds: a torus, images, and time-series. Moreover, we
demonstrate its strength in multivariate simulated settings and also show
superiority in predicting surgical outcome in epilepsy patients and predicting
movement direction from raw stereotactic EEG data from non-motor brain regions.
In all simulations and real data, Manifold Oblique Random Forest (MORF)
algorithm outperforms approaches that ignore feature space structure and
challenges the performance of ConvNets. Moreover, MORF runs fast and maintains
interpretability and theoretical justification.",0,0
56,56,"Graph neural networks (GNN) have shown great success in learning from
graph-structured data. They are widely used in various applications, such as
recommendation, fraud detection, and search. In these domains, the graphs are
typically large, containing hundreds of millions of nodes and several billions
of edges. To tackle this challenge, we develop DistDGL, a system for training
GNNs in a mini-batch fashion on a cluster of machines. DistDGL is based on the
Deep Graph Library (DGL), a popular GNN development framework. DistDGL
distributes the graph and its associated data (initial features and embeddings)
across the machines and uses this distribution to derive a computational
decomposition by following an owner-compute rule. DistDGL follows a synchronous
training approach and allows ego-networks forming the mini-batches to include
non-local nodes. To minimize the overheads associated with distributed
computations, DistDGL uses a high-quality and light-weight min-cut graph
partitioning algorithm along with multiple balancing constraints. This allows
it to reduce communication overheads and statically balance the computations.
It further reduces the communication by replicating halo nodes and by using
sparse embedding updates. The combination of these design choices allows
DistDGL to train high-quality models while achieving high parallel efficiency
and memory scalability. We demonstrate our optimizations on both inductive and
transductive GNN models. Our results show that DistDGL achieves linear speedup
without compromising model accuracy and requires only 13 seconds to complete a
training epoch for a graph with 100 million nodes and 3 billion edges on a
cluster with 16 machines. DistDGL is now publicly available as part of
DGL:https://github.com/dmlc/dgl/tree/master/python/dgl/distributed.",0,1
57,57,"The geometric structure of an optimization landscape is argued to be
fundamentally important to support the success of deep neural network learning.
A direct computation of the landscape beyond two layers is hard. Therefore, to
capture the global view of the landscape, an interpretable model of the
network-parameter (or weight) space must be established. However, the model is
lacking so far. Furthermore, it remains unknown what the landscape looks like
for deep networks of binary synapses, which plays a key role in robust and
energy efficient neuromorphic computation. Here, we propose a statistical
mechanics framework by directly building a least structured model of the
high-dimensional weight space, considering realistic structured data,
stochastic gradient descent training, and the computational depth of neural
networks. We also consider whether the number of network parameters outnumbers
the number of supplied training data, namely, over- or under-parametrization.
Our least structured model reveals that the weight spaces of the
under-parametrization and over-parameterization cases belong to the same class,
in the sense that these weight spaces are well-connected without any
hierarchical clustering structure. In contrast, the shallow-network has a
broken weight space, characterized by a discontinuous phase transition, thereby
clarifying the benefit of depth in deep learning from the angle of high
dimensional geometry. Our effective model also reveals that inside a deep
network, there exists a liquid-like central part of the architecture in the
sense that the weights in this part behave as randomly as possible, providing
algorithmic implications. Our data-driven model thus provides a statistical
mechanics insight about why deep learning is unreasonably effective in terms of
the high-dimensional weight space, and how deep networks are different from
shallow ones.",0,0
58,58,"Despite the remarkable success of deep learning, optimal convolution
operation on point cloud remains indefinite due to its irregular data
structure. In this paper, we present Cubic Kernel Convolution (CKConv) that
learns to voxelize the features of local points by exploiting both continuous
and discrete convolutions. Our continuous convolution uniquely employs a 3D
cubic form of kernel weight representation that splits a feature into voxels in
embedding space. By consecutively applying discrete 3D convolutions on the
voxelized features in a spatial manner, preceding continuous convolution is
forced to learn spatial feature mapping, i.e., feature voxelization. In this
way, geometric information can be detailed by encoding with subdivided
features, and our 3D convolutions on these fixed structured data do not suffer
from discretization artifacts thanks to voxelization in embedding space.
Furthermore, we propose a spatial attention module, Local Set Attention (LSA),
to provide comprehensive structure awareness within the local point set and
hence produce representative features. By learning feature voxelization with
LSA, CKConv can extract enriched features for effective point cloud analysis.
We show that CKConv has great applicability to point cloud processing tasks
including object classification, object part segmentation, and scene semantic
segmentation with state-of-the-art results.",0,0
59,59,"Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) have exploded onto the machine learning scene in
recent years owing to their capability to model and learn from graph-structured
data. Such an ability has strong implications in a wide variety of fields whose
data is inherently relational, for which conventional neural networks do not
perform well. Indeed, as recent reviews can attest, research in the area of
GNNs has grown rapidly and has lead to the development of a variety of GNN
algorithm variants as well as to the exploration of groundbreaking applications
in chemistry, neurology, electronics, or communication networks, among others.
At the current stage of research, however, the efficient processing of GNNs is
still an open challenge for several reasons. Besides of their novelty, GNNs are
hard to compute due to their dependence on the input graph, their combination
of dense and very sparse operations, or the need to scale to huge graphs in
some applications. In this context, this paper aims to make two main
contributions. On the one hand, a review of the field of GNNs is presented from
the perspective of computing. This includes a brief tutorial on the GNN
fundamentals, an overview of the evolution of the field in the last decade, and
a summary of operations carried out in the multiple phases of different GNN
algorithm variants. On the other hand, an in-depth analysis of current software
and hardware acceleration schemes is provided, from which a hardware-software,
graph-aware, and communication-centric vision for GNN accelerators is
distilled.",0,1
